I'll let that liquor drown my days
now I'm taking my last ride
I paid the highest price you can pay
and I'm on my way to others feel
upon first grade is where I'll be to rest until the end of times
[Music] welcome back to Lady Babylon this is
Bible study and we are here tonight I've got you the direct consent of the devil
I am bringing you text we're gonna first dive into that dark
place in the Bible where we bring out the most lurid sex
acts we're gonna bring these to the four and
then we're going to talk about we're going to talk about sacrificing
your children we're going to talk about burning off mortality and we're going to talk about
drinking abortions tonight on lady Babylon
[Music]
tonight we're gonna have to dig deep and uncomfortable I can tell you right off from comments that I've been looking at
this is not going where you think it is going you see I don't take that common
path that the religious historian from Yale does I don't take that path
we're going to go to some sources and look at some of the most hardcore Greek
on the planet hardcore we're going right into the middle of it but before we do
it I need to pass on a message the message is I've been talking I've been talking
to you preachers preachers out there I know in my audience I know
there are several of you preachers who have come out preachers who have seen the light and
died again yes I would love for you to come on the show
I would appreciate it if you would come on and stand up and give your give your
thoughts perspective for the rest of us if you were a priest
or who has lost the faith or if you are a nun who's thrown away the habit
I would love to talk about your experiences in order to come
same rules for everybody set for us by Lucian either you cut your hair
completely off or you present yourself in public to honor Aphrodite
and how do you do that I think you're adult enough to figure that out
or you can come on as a challenge for a fight club in which case you just have
to be wearing beautiful ladies lingerie and a platinum blonde wig
does the same rules but I'm being contacted by people who really do have
good input I'd love to have you guys on so I'll leave a way for us to get in
touch which is just my professional email and uh we'll go from there let me know
now Devil's word tonight we've got to go deep into the
abortion in order to get there I've got to take you through the Virgin so I want tonight
to hit you with these images and this particularly
vampiric poetry this is cult poetry of Mike
[Music]
um foreign [Music]
Justice was the last goddess to abandon Mortals Justice if you have Justice
you have everything you have freedom
so let's let's uh proceed with the Virgin I'm going to give you a group of
texts now and I want you to realize um we're gonna as the ship is going
right now we blast it off we're moving through time we're coming to a place
that's going to make you uncomfortable now I know I've said that quite a few times and we've talked about drugs and
we've talked about sex today we're going to talk about abortion in Antiquity but
we're not going to talk about like a medical historian or like a social
scientist we're gonna talk to you about it through the text
yes just directly through the text and these are not all abortion texts I'm
gonna have to take you in the cult doors and once we get into the cult doors and
these are the things that the people who are charging you right now on their channels and they got this site and if
you go there you can watch these videos and see the mystery
doesn't exist they cannot come here so I am inviting
all of you now to step on outside of this ship this beautiful ship that takes us
through space and time and I want you to look I want you to look at the Virgin I want
you to look at her right and I want us to find out what are we doing with the kiddos
let's go to the first let's go to the very first one tonight our first text here is yep very good this is brought to
you by a physician um and I just want to throw out there I just want to throw out oh let me put my
glasses up should we I'm gonna need that closer thank you very much yeah so um what are
we doing this is a text for people I'm just going to translate it it's a text for those who were smearing this stuff
into their skin what are they smearing they're smearing that dips ass what kind
of dip says what kind of snake venom the stuff that is Unstoppable the stuff that
is incurable and um what happens when they do this well a lot of them die and
I know that some of them also consume the dips ass Venom of that specific
Viper the horned viper the stuff that that makes you thirsty and cry out especially when you're getting crucified
oh I'm thirsty here we go are you ready and I didn't mention them yet I'm not
going to mention them okay and uh what do they do what are they also doing they're they're eating this they're
drinking this uh this particularly antique wine yeah this
is old stuff this is the Aged stuff they drink it along with the dip sets and
what happens to them well you know what happens to a sailor when he gets abandoned he's out at Sea he doesn't
have anything to do there he's got to get some water so what does he do eventually he's going to get thirsty
enough to drink the sea water and we all know what happens to those people right
I'm thirsty I'm thirsty I'm thirsty this
is what the physician says happens to those who are using these
venoms yes yeah fantastic let's go to the next one why am I taking you to
snake Venezuela don't worry it's all related I'm going to take you to Cleopatra now now all of you religious
historians out there in Harvard and Princeton and Yale you worthless bag of
bones you would never get such thing you've probably looking at this for the first time in your life let me talk to
you JQ Harvard let me show you something for the first time that you have never seen I'm
talking to the oldest most experienced of your people you don't know this you
don't work the sources you sell it and the devil says the word from the Devil is this is your prison
this is your prison purveyors of garbage this is your prison take us to Cleopatra
look at this people I got a recipe for Cleopatra's dies
oh what what is she doing I just want you to look from the fourth line down
fourth line down 10 11 12. this is line 12. I just want you to look at the second word gries though
let her Christ herself toy farm McCoy
with the drug letter Christ yourself this is after she shaved her head did
you see it in the text there no you didn't but I'll tell you it's there this is how you guys at Harvard you can pause it you can go back and read it and
educate yourselves fantastic all you religious historians here yeah here we go why is Cleopatra doing
this Cleopatra in this is in the line of the medwa right she is that Priestess of
Isis she is that incarnation she is yeah and you'll notice that the
verb Rio which which is seminarian wait I'm gonna mention seminarians let me get my whip
which is seminarian no that's okay just sit there when the seminarians come out and all of the ancillary
um support group for seminaries everything that comes out around them that includes the people studying the
religions it includes the founders of Yale using Hebrew it does
it includes them all what happens when you believe a lie your
timeline fractures and you go the way of the lie you take the wrong-handed path
and what happens you put the fake history up you and I as satanists are
here for one one reason we want the text we want the evidence we want what it
says we'll make the decisions from there what we wanted I'm giving you access
tonight I just gave you access to Cleopatra what is she doing she's doing the right
now let's go look yeah let's run look at the right and see what it is given the next uh little bit that I've got up
there oh before we get there I wanted to see the troji score these are little pills nobody ever believes me when I
tell them but the trojiscoi do you remember the wheels that Isaiah talks about
boom you remember the voice of God coming in boom with the wheels
this is them what are they the lozenges
little lozenges boys and girls full of goody good good drugs right right good
drugs like Santa mask these drugs that you put in places and the trojisco is the one that you put in
your backside rectal rectal Administration for the scientists
of us yes or you can dissolve these things in wine as well which they typically do
but here for kefalagia if you want if you have head pain they call it head
pain if you got head pain antiquity
you can take and you can put in a little bit of drugs it'll put you to sleep
fantastic fantastic and you can use that rectally
and end up in a perfect place under the supervision of a priestess
fantastic let's keep going find these priestesses next yep next text oh this is great now this
is from Ezekiel thank you Prophet Ezekiel see you guys thought the theriac
um was a beast I think you call it a beast one of the Watchers told me you guys call it the Beast of the Apocalypse
but no the theriac is a substance it's a
compound substance that is half of the communion if you were if these courses
that you took online or through these different sites if if these professors who are offering
this crap had any truth to what they said they would know these things but they don't
they don't know these Cults they don't know what the mystery was doing these texts do though let's bring out
the text am I gonna mention someone no not
okay let's get up next there look good so this is Ezekiel this is that stone
prophet
let's read what he says and you take the blow it up tree and you take the scare away
you take the scare away of the cow cases wait you take the what of the who
bring me up bring me up I gotta know what the what is what is the scaleway I've got it for a definition bring it up
look at this people scare away any kind of equipment a tire or apparel ah
it's your equipment leave it on it's your equipment are you ready everybody this is gonna get a little bit tense are
you ready look at number two at the bottom it equals idoyan if I tell you to bring your idoyan
I'm telling you to come to an orgy that's your equipment that you're going
to be using at our orgy a stick or geostic right
you're going to be using that to find your way to the orgasmos
oh love it love you don't understand it until you've been there and seen it and
it changes you and I'm going to read you a description of how it changes You Through The Eyes of somebody who was treating patients
who had been through it fantastic that's a write-up that's like that's that's right in your face this is
gonna get good okay back one more time I just want to make sure I didn't miss anything in that last one yeah and so um this is our tool of what
this is our tool of cow hasis that's our tool of Glory
Paul uses this Paul uses this expression
it's our tool of Glory does it make sense for all you seminarians listen up
does it make sense that this would be roughly at the same time as Paul would be writing
now is it stylistically similar that first testament coin a
yes it is you seminarians you evangelicals
I know you haven't you Catholics I know you haven't seen this I know you haven't read it don't pretend to know Greek you
don't let's go let's go back to the source so what is this Glory right so
we've got this tool of Glory he says you took your tool of Glory
made from gold and silver the gold and silver which I gave you remember this is
an argument leave it this is an argument between God between God what is this
scene God is arguing [Music] he's arguing with a woman
whom he treats as his lover yeah and what is this lover done oh
goodness goodness you didn't know but Jehovah got cuckolded
yeah Jehovah Jehovah Yahweh
is a cuckold God let's see can we see it yeah what you
took your instrument he's complaining you took your glory and you gilded
yourself a dildo out of silver and gold the gold that I in silver that I gave
you you made an arsenicos you made a man image you made a phallus
you made a phallus and what did you do with this phallus you expornated on it look at that last second line last line
you ex-pornated what does pornello mean it means to have intercourse
or to engage in religious worship you mean their word for engaging and
what you and I and people who are part of The Sisterhood and frustration whose
faces will crack at the slightest bit of sexual emotion yes yes do you know what
do you know what they were doing they were worshiping but their word for
worship is the word for intercourse the word for worship is the word for intercourse
yeah yeah fantastic so they ex-pornated they exported they thoroughly entered
the job right they got the job done completely that acts is intensifying
um go back to the text please Joy the one we just had good good and what
did they do they explorinated in altice Yeah in our ties
yeah oh my goodness you know they're using these devices
you know at the worship of the bonadea in Rome you get thousands of women
together just women who use dildos
on themselves and on each other don't be surprised
it's a novel concept for us but for them it was a part of your education and the
expression of your sexual health yeah that sexual health is a cosmic
Health it is wrapped up in the cosmos if you don't want people to be running out
or killing other people for the sake of not having any sort of intimacy in their life
then you should keep up your keep up the direction you're going but if you want
to be purifying citizens to be better citizens to be less violent
to be more unified these are the kind of rights that you have that spring up
mystery rights mystery rights are unifying unifying
fantastic let's go to the next Source this is I love this this is just Paul I just wanted you to see where I said oh
his big Glory thing was in the Christ right good keep nice
good thank you Paul have a seat no that's all that's all I needed here's a
great big long text I'm going to translate this to you really fast it's going to be really dirty and you took
Sons and Daughters who you gave birth to
and you sacrificed them to the gods for the sake of analysis
bring up the next analysis what is analysis look at the definition number two
definition number two consumption consumption what is being consumed in
these sacrifices of the children their mortality is being consumed and every
once in a while it kills them oh let's see what they're doing with
these fumigations let's see what they're doing to the babies right they're doing this to the babies
to burn off their mortality this is gorgeous let's keep going with a little with that same giant text up there that
was disturbing fantastic yes and um what else are they doing
[Music] yeah so you're sacrificing these
children and you're giving them for the sake of this atra at excuse me apotropaic
exercise that's literally in the Greek where it is it's this thigh what is that for
what is that for you are averting evil what do you do when Lady Justice what do
you do grab some images what do you do when Lady Justice
needs support you give her that support
if you do not you have a society that is no longer
clean they have become tainted a lie is not
necessarily A Lie did God say remember who is the first biblical liar it's not
the devil the devil is the first one to point out the biblical liar extraordinaire and
that's god god Jehovah the guy who's screaming at his wife now for what I'm about to show you she did around behind
his back he's screaming right a lie
if you lose Justice you got nothing between what is false and what is true that's not natural
Justice is what you should naturally possess by following reason fantastic
that's that's the Pagan way right I'm I don't mean to lecture let's get back to the text because you're not here to hear
my thoughts you're here to see what the textures say and yeah and so there's
another there's there's an even greater bad thing that you did you know you can't whoops did I
come back okay you can't imagine you can't remember I'm translating you can't
remember when you were an infant whoops no I can't see that are we okay
okay good sorry I think we have mastered we
had an asteroid we'll back up Chewie fantastic thank you for taking care of that um you don't remember when you were an
infant do you and what happened to you you were gumne he's talking to a woman
now you were gumne you were naked and you were in a SP in a place of
exposure and you were baptized or dipped or died in the blood and you lived okay
pull up that right away what you just had described to you from the Bible is
the right of the child sacrifice and when I say sacrifice I say Lucia the
burning of the incense that is the Greek sacrifice are they
killing their children are they killing their children do you really think do you really think
you're going to take all of these new mothers and they're just going to step forward and follow the fairy tale that
Christianity has taught you that there's this great statue of Molech and we take
our children it burns man the mother comes in they sacrifice to their gods no that's a
fairy tale people he just described to you what the ritual is they are burning off the mortality of a child by
subjecting it to this process of fumigation
do some of the children die in the process yes it's sad to report that some of them do
okay this is not what you've been told
check the text out itself see what it says let's go back Joey let's keep reading keep reading this is fantastic I
appreciate everybody's attention I'm going to make it in time tonight um yeah and uh so and what happened when
all of this was taking place there's a great evil that was behind it and what
is that evil um you've built what did you do you built places for for go ahead and bring
that you've brought you've built places for prostitution he says you built them in the roads and ahead of every road is
a place of prostitution is the Temple of Aphrodite you've built your society
around this you've built it okay interesting interesting that
Jehovah is so pissed about Society building
wow that's something perhaps we should all live in a in a tribe somewhere
right Jehovah's got terrible advice for those of you who haven't finished the Bible Jehovah's advice is always
terrible and he's the very first liar so oh my god let's bring up that same
text again I'm going to finish it off I just want to make sure at the bottom look at verse 26 and you ex-pornated
with the sons of Egypt oh see what God is really mad it's because it was there
she was ex-pornading his lover was explorinating with Egyptians and what
are these Egyptian men doing they are megalosarcos Oh you mean the entire
megalosarcos you mean all of this is about the size megalosarcos means big meat
big meat literally big meat here's the meat as
the flesh as the Flash I'm gonna cut you to the flash we have
the ancient Greek saying bring it up one more time I'm going to cut you the flesh I want you to look look oh my God it's
that fleshy desire your your sexual desire
is in that organ when you think of that organ
that organ contains that desire that overwhelming
drive that's what it contains you went after big meat
literally big meat yeah shame on you I guess I mean good
for her that's the problem when your vocabulary is only 8 000 words long right eh you
know it's like uh it's not big enough you know what I mean it's just not big enough
the devil will tell you the truth the devil will tell you the truth you can see what you see how big it is
yeah these are the Megalo these are the ones with the big ones right okay fantastic let's go to the
next passage we're getting to the abortion for those of you who are waiting who have come here sickly
looking for the abortion yeah don't ever make an agreement with your neighbors he
says don't anybody around you don't make because you're going to end up explanating with their gods
and what's going to happen they're going to invite you and you're going to end up going and you're going to end up what
does that last line say you're going to end up eating look at the second to last word Greek students hi maton hi mattone
oh my God you're gonna end up eating blood you're waiting for the virgin
right you're waiting for her how do we get to the abortion how do we get to the virgin's abortion
we get there through the blood that blood of that virgin savior
that has the power to open your eyes that is what we call the aqua we tie the
Water of Life okay or do you hear the cult right it's through that what are they
doing what are they doing with that virgin they're administer administering to her
drugs that are verifiable abortifacions a lot of these work by Contracting the
muscles in the uterus forcefully expelling the fetus
now of course the fetus in ritual with the Virgin doesn't exist yet
we partake of that life essence through the process of drinking her
blood in Ritu fantastic fantastic let's keep going
boom what's the next one fantastic pull that down um I want you to notice I just
translated translated that as blood and if you will look at the last line of all these translations they will invite you
and you will eat their sacrifices there's no word for sacrifice there
the New Living Translation and you will go with them with sacrificial meals
you're going to eat sacrificial meals together
interesting well that certainly civilizes it okay what about the third
one you eat the sacrifice now why are they all saying sacrifice because children
a thousand years ago there was a lie that altered our timeline
and that lie said this is the holy
language of this text only it wasn't the holy language of that text and that text was
the original it's not a translation and I'm about to show you how this can't be a translation are you ready are you
ready let's go back to the um go ahead hit it yeah um this is why they all say sacrifice
because they all looked at the LIE the oldest text we have is the Septuagint of the Bible and it is a
native Greek don't believe the fairy tales follow the
evidence ask somebody please from the devil here's the word of the devil
anybody from a seminary who starts talking to you or from a church who
starts talking to you about the sacred Hebrew ask him how many Hebrew medical texts
are there and when they tell you there are none ask them again bombard them how about
pharmacology how about astrology how about any of the things that were in the museum there aren't any why because
they weren't being written and why weren't they being written because the
language was dead the language was dead and had been for many hundreds of years
fantastic let's go back to the living language that captured it that's all I'm
saying let's go back to what the evidence has for us now you can see why all the people who make such a big deal
out of the Dead Sea Scrolls you see why they do it do you know how many Scrolls
do you know how many pieces of parchment how many pieces fragments that we've got a papyri do you know how many of those
are in Greek for straight up Greek oh my God there's so many that you would drown
if you threw them all in the swimming pool all these papyri fragments you could drown in them
yes the Dead Sea Scrolls the Dead Sea
Scrolls I'm going to tell you right now there's an entire Museum to them in Israel and yeah and I'm gonna have to
tell you this um they are translations of Greek texts that were with them
oh my goodness somebody was trying to resurrect the liturgical dead language and we because of our position looking
through history think just the opposite we see ourselves as in a mirror we are
the reflection isn't that great we're not isn't that you're not seeing yourself for who you
are you see a reflection let's go to it I love this let's hit the next text hit it
minute drive right we're taking these things back right and what else did they do because you're my haunted yeah you
yeah what is my my heart oh my heart oh it's translated as to have sex or before
my idolatry wait a minute I thought you said that was what pornello is yes yes
yeah you mean they have two verbs that we have to describe by a whole set of words
that means something about sex and mystery something about sex and the
practice of religion yes and we identify them the same way and you know that's
bad you know that's bad it means our people cannot express what they were
expressing let's go see how these texts are explicitly Greek okay um and what
did you do you you got you got the blood all over your hands right you got the
blood why do they have the hand why do they have the blood in their hands what are they doing with the substance there
you even entered into a union of the things of the Mind the intention the
passion you entered into a union of that and what happened when you did that back
to the text what happened when you did that yeah you you what Diego going you
led your children through the impuron bring up the next through the
imporon look at it take a look at it oh I love
it getting scorched did you ever get scorched did you get the mortality burnt
off you did you get scorched you see this is not the fairy tale BS this is
not mothers bringing their children to be killed this is mothers
participating in a ritual that drives itself
from the midwives this is a process of bringing your baby
to a place where it can survive and what
are you doing when you're amplifying this child you're introducing this child to the invisible
to the invisible oh my God and if you don't do this to your child don't expect anything
immortal you mean that chemical has that much power you mean that that group of drugs
has that much power you can take a child and you can develop think about that for
a minute people they took their children they're newborn children and they
developed them with drugs sometimes it killed them but you know sometimes the
oracles died too yeah
yeah sometimes the oracles died too let's see somebody taking this stuff
let's see what happens to him but before we do one more dirty passage from the from the Bible let's go to it I just
want to read you this look this is you people recognize this right away but I want you to know it's the Septuagint
right yeah who are you my beloved my beauty you're a garden that is secluded you my
sister are a nymph you are a garden that is secluded shut
off your spring has been sealed and the
shoots of your Paradise those growths of your Paradise right those are the
pomegranates oh goodness and those are the cuproy and
those are the nardon wait a minute we're getting into drugs and yeah nard right and what else would the Nar the crocus
right in the calamus wait a minute we're back to the calamus calamus
calamus and cinnamon wait a minute this is the same group of drugs that was
mentioned before in the temple that everybody and their brother now thinks is cannabis I would love for it to be so
unfortunately it's not the case and here is proof that it's not the case these
are aromatics people this is what you smell coming from her
this is the garden that has the wind blown upon it right my garden what is
that okay let's go back to the what is my fruit what is my fruit let's read more of that passage yeah here we go
here we go and what happens you're a fountain you're a fountain
yeah a Garden Fountain you're a fretar you're a well
you know is a is a man-made well something you made it's not a natural
deposit right you're a well of the Water of Life
flowing out of Lebanon oh isn't that a nice way and what does he say in verse
16 blow blow borius wait a minute look at line 16 there is a Greek god in line
16. Jehovah just acknowledged because this is the sacred word of Truth Jehovah
just acknowledged that borius and his brother notice are actual gods
you just gave them place right of course they are because they were at the time what does the lover ask
what does the lover ass let's go back blow blow glorious blow notice
blow upon my Capon wait blow upon you what go back to the cape on
go back to the Capone yeah right there go ahead yeah what is the cape on well
let's see it's a garden it's an orchard or Plantation I see you a garden of a plantation look
at that what is that number three Roman numeral number three what does that say
Bria oh I see a garden
a garden is the vagina is the labia is
the pudenda the external genitalia right this is the paradise and what is
asked is that those winds would blow upon Paradise so that paradise would
produce that odor that fragrance of life
that power that power of Aphrodite that is the power of the mystery for
those of you who claim to follow a mystery and I know you watch evangelicals I know you do I'll speak to
the Catholics too to those of you who claim inheritance of a mystery you have
no idea you have no idea what the source and power of your mystery truly are
fantastic let's go let's go to the next text this is wonderful
I just wanted you to see because I know some of you are some of you are not
going to You're Gonna you wanna see the abortion right you know I brought you an abortion passage I just want you to look
at the top two words that we've got in
excuse me on the uh on the cutting
out of the embryo and on the hooking out
one of these These are both ways to remove go ahead and take it down these are both ways to perform abortions this
is not the type of abortion that we are performing in Ritu in Antiquity this is
the type of abortion that we are performing at the request of women who
need this surgery and they would use embryo tomes what's an embryo Tome it's an instrument for cutting out a fetus
we don't have to worry about that we don't have to worry about that on the
cult side because our abortions on the cult side is there at an early stage of
development yeah and it's they're chemical abortions the chemicals do for
us what the instruments do for the midwives and doctors right the chemicals do that for us and
we're consuming that anyway so um thank yeah interesting let's go to the next one next one that I just want
to give you a glimpse of that abortion abortion yeah fantastic so here's a text
I'm going to flash it up here and then I want you to take it down it'll be our final text for tonight
I want you to see that the title there is Perry Toxic Petty toxic coup
yes and what is that go ahead and take it down this is on the drug called
toxicon this is from a Byzantine physician which I know none of you have
ever read I'm talking to the so-called Scholars now the devil hates you by the way
um yeah he told me this is your punishment I was like are you sure this is the punishment of the scholars he's
like dude it's my prison right who do you think he hates most he hates the purveyors he hates the sellers most
fantastic devil has had such high ethical standards it's amazing amazing
anyway this is from a Byzantine physician you're not going to see him
repeated elsewhere and I don't believe that there is a translation into English
of Paul a vagina I may be wrong I may be wrong I haven't seen one in years so I'm
gonna have to bring this to you from the Native Greek don't don't be
worried it's pretty straight up sixth Century Greek it's not you know it
difficulty wise it's not too bad and because it has a lot of medical lingo in
it I've been exposed to that stuff so you after a while you kind of learn how to talk the talk so go ahead and pull
that up and I'm I'm I can't tell you how fortunate I am that I'm able to have access to these things blow that up
should we that I that I'm able to have access to these texts we should all be thankful for this yeah yeah so it seems
that the toxicon and remember the toxicon is a drug that's described by scrivonius largus as being so bad being
so bad that the people who get it speak in tongues yeah they Babble they Babble
these people speak in tongues and for some reason their tongues are on fire
tongues of fire they say the lips too this doctor says the lips too okay let me translate this thing to you so it
seems blow it up please it seems that the toxicon is named
from the the act of Christ in the arrows
yeah performed by the bottle right performed by the the non-greek
speakers they're talking about these people up around the Black Sea is what they're talking about right so um but
notice on that second line wait a minute this isn't the word for anointing in the
soil no it's not it's the word for Christ in something why because when
you're using a drug as we already saw in euripides you're christing
when you're sitting in a gymnasium you're getting Anointed The christing has to be there in the
case of the application of mind-altering drugs it is the drug that brings you the
fury Fury you look it up that's all it will say announce the fury
yeah love it love it okay bring us up that passage again let's let's keep
reading what this doc says so yeah what is this thing well he says um it's very bad when people drink it
and it causes their lips and their tongue to be inflamed it says that they
get a form of mania a form of mania
and it causes them to see many varied types of vision
yeah cosmc and they're tough to treat most of these people don't make it but
when they do right it's um he says first of all it's necessary
as they're coming through it and then he reads off this giant look this is okay I gotta read this it's necessary to treat
these people by binding them in Chains and compelling them to drink sweet wine
with rose oil in order to throw up or vomit right so that she's trying to get
him to vomit the stuff that they've eaten then he says then you take the seeds of this plant along with some wine
and you drink it and then you do this every day you're TR you're applying the roots of so and so the blood of so and
so and by the way the blood of so and so there's specific types of ingredients right the semen of Helios is an
ingredient right the sun semen right they're not talking about actual the Sun
an actual semen right so okay it's it's called speak what else are you going to
be using it could be using these substances including the sidonian apple and when you're gonna be administering
this stuff right with all of these wonderful plants you're going to be doing it in the wine and after much time
if the person manages to come through the danger I'm translating if the person
manages to come through the danger they're gonna be bedridden for a while
and then when they try to get up and move around and assume a normal life
what's going to happen to them they're going to be constantly frightened
constantly take it down under stress right constantly frightened it has such
a profound mental effect on you this arrow poison has such a profound effect on you that
it changes the way you react to people around you after you've been born again
have you seen what's there I'm going to give the call right you know I want preachers to to
write in I want these bloodsuckers I want them I can give the call the word of the
devil now do you hear it do you hear that call you want to see the Unseen there is a world
around you there's a world around you functioning alongside and contrary to your own
Dimension there is another dimension that exists and that Dimension impresses
itself upon yours as the guys at MIT are now fond of saying you are the
reflection through that event horizon of the actuality that is on the other side
you are the reflection of the actuality through the Event Horizon all the space
around you is filled with that world
you interact with it every day you smell it you taste it
you live it you experiencing it those acts of passion those acts of
passion are because of those interactions between the scene
and the Unseen right those of you who have eyes to see
like the dragon the dragon through it's from the Greek word for seeing
but we know the dragon is blind so why did they name the
The Seer as the blind one um it's because that invisible dimension
around you cannot be perceived except by entering
into blindness you have to become like children you have to be able to come from a state
of being unaware to a state of awareness
yes interesting that's quite a cult thing you've got going well it's Bronze
Age right old old stuff uh health health and drugs
yes and now intercourse and how do we keep our oracles from becoming pregnant
we give them the burning purple it is that burning purple that Mary herself
had access to that she had in her culpos right it's that burning purple that the
Midwest said whoa burn in my hand all right something's
wrong yes it's that cult power that allows the Virgin to bring into the
world the Son of God and all of a sudden you know we're right
back at home we're right back at home with the Giants we're right in that culture of drugs
none of this is available to you through the modern fairy tale of Christianity
church history it's not there
you're not going to find it I'm gonna bring that to you and you can find that
stuff yourself with the text because this is the age of you got no excuse I used to have to go
to library right nobody does that anymore it's all going to be online now fantastic fantastic this is a huge
Universe okay we've got uh Gnostic informant who's going to come and he's gonna he's gonna say some strange things
and I'm gonna shut up for a minute and just let him uh hit at it how are you doing Gnostic informant I'm doing all
right I have some uh little allergy bothering my eyes look a little red itchy but it's okay I'm all good
um so I that was fascinating by the way and I was um like I always do when I
come on here I I listen and then I start thinking of stuff to pull up to bring to
the table and I'm thinking about the the time period in which the Greeks
started to move to Magna Gracia which is it which we know is southern Italy they called it the mag little or greater
Greece right Magna gratia and a lot of these Greeks came from what
was Asia Minor modern-day turkey and a good book on this that I learned a
lot from with Peter Kingsley he uh in in the dark places of wisdom he right he
gives you all the sources of really well sourced primary sources showing pictures of like archeology [__] I love it I love
it well here's what I want to connect with what you said he talks about how like Parmenides and Pythagoras they
would come to to Italy and they would set up the first thing we do is they would build a temple to the muses and
then you so they'd build this Temple they they built it a certain way certain Dimensions certain ionic columns it
would be like rectangular it would be up on a hill and you'd go inside there and you would find on one side of the
whatever north side I'll say there is obviously Apollo golden Apollo with this
liar and this particular Apollo that was worshiped by parminities was Apollo
ulios Apollo the Healer and this place was a multifunctional place where the
people would go and they would uh deliver births there it was like a hospital there was also a temple so you
had your you had your doctors you had your your Magi you had your priests you had all your you know your your you had
your poets you had your Scholars every this was the place right it was the temple the muses this is the place is
where everything's at but on the other side of the Temple
you're you're thinking what is it Zeus what is it who uh nope the goddess
themus the most important thing ever is to have a statue of the Goddess themus
the goddess of Justice I have a a screen that I want to share thank you for that
Chewie's on point by the way Themis is the Titan goddess of Divine Law and
Order of traditional rules of conduct who first established by the gods prophetic goddess who presided over the
most ancient oracles including Delphi and uh
um famous is referred to Divine Law she is the early bride of Zeus often
represented seated beside his throne advising him she's that wisdom you know what I mean
she without without think about this without Justice what do you have people people I get comments on my Channel all
the time your social justice Warrior [__] yeah I am hell yeah thank you for
that compliment I they think they like got me on that one that's a yeah I I am a warrior for Themis of course I'm a
warrior for theme is why wouldn't I be that's the that's the Divine way that's the you're the one that's off you're the
one that's uh uh on the on the off course not me so but I might but I want to get back to
the medical side because that's that's all cool and important oh by the way you're probably wondering if Themis is
the earlier wife of Zeus Hera must be very jealous no Hera actually called her
lady themes and looked up to her as like a motherly figure there was no beef between them weird right Hera is always
mad at all Zeus's other girlfriends she wasn't mad at Themis she loved themus and called her lady themus and respected
her anyways put that aside for now I have a um so that's not all though
because he would go down a pathway because you know the Greeks weren't stupid they knew that you couldn't just
put all the sick people in one room certain people had to be separated they had to be quarantined they knew this
stuff I think the word quarantine is even Greek not mistaken but I could be wrong it could be Latin or something but
anyways um they would go they would take him down his path and they would go like I don't know half a mile a mile away and
they would bring him down to the shores where there's a caves and in these caves they set up these well first of all they
had a grow for Dionysus down there they always have the Grove of Dionysus outside the temple not in the temple for
some reason Dionysus always was outside the temple they have The Grotto of Grotto of Dionysus you kept going and
it's called the plutonium the caves and in these caves they would take really really sick people that are
about to die or put them on or if they're on some sort of drug incubated and they put them asleep into a coma
they would bring them to these caves and then they would uh they would come back from these caves and Report their dreams
and oftentimes these dreams were considered to be prophetic and the priests would be waiting the priest
would be waiting for people to wake up and say tell me what you saw I'm writing it all down right now this is serious this is this this is the Oracle this is
the Sybil you you have to by law tell me what you saw and they took the [__] seriously this is no joke well anyways I
have a primary source about where these originated from Because by the way I mentioned these Greeks came from from the East to Magna Gracia this is a
this is a uh this is a a thing that goes back to the times of Medea's Kingdom
remember talking about the ancient Medea Kingdom the the area known as Nisa you
know in Asia Minor where Dionysus the god of Nisa Dionysus means dionisa god
of Nisa that's where he's born there so I got a source from strabo I'm gonna pull this up on my screen right now this
is the last thing I want to say and then I'm done this is gonna you're gonna love this you're gonna love this so this is
from strabo from geography and what you're about to what you're about to hear right now well I'm going to read it
and read this whole thing it's real short is the the the the origin of these
incubation caves they're called plutoniums here we go
on the road between the trailions and Nisa is a village of the nessians not far
from the city uh akaraka where there is a plutonium remember I mentioned what
those are those are these These are these caves with the costly sacred priests sacred priesthood and a shrine
of Pluto and Quarry and also the coronium a cave that lies
above the sacred Precinct by by Nature wonderful for they say that those who
are deceased diseased and give heed to the cures prescribed I was just mentioning this they're on their drugs
they go to the caves they go to they go in their incubation they go and they go into a coma they're they're prescribed
by the gods to resort to their and live in the village near the cave among the
experienced priest who on their behalf sleep in the cave and through dreams
prescribe the cures this is mind-blowing this is ancient medicine practice man this is amazing these are also The Men
Who invoke the healing power of the Gods and they often bring the sick into the
cave and leave them there to remain in quiet like animals in their lurking Holes without food for many days and
sometimes the sick give heed also to their own dreams but they but still still they use those other men as
priests to initiate them into the Mysteries what they're getting initiated
the Mysteries here too and to counsel them to all others the
places forbidden and deadly a festival is celebrated every year at akaraka and
at that time in particular those who celebrate the festival can see and hear concerning all these things and the
festival too about noon the boys and young men at the gymnasium nude and
Christ did that means in the Greek Christ stood with oil take up a bowl with a haste carry him
into the cave and when let loose the bull goes forward on a short distance Falls and breathes out his life
there you go that's that's the city of Nisa where Dionysus was born and that is
where these these pre-socratics came from to Italy to set up these temples of
the music they did it they copied it exactly how they saw it over there so this is where the source of that from
brilliant brilliant nice look at that everybody One Source there pow that is
more Biblical history and context than you have ever gotten in your entire life
from any priest or any preacher anywhere beautiful beautiful I love it Gnostic I
love it um tell me something uh really quick what are you working on and uh what's
what's the latest thing I just want we've got you here and I like your art I
dig your art man what are you doing tomorrow the video that you and I were working on together will be finished
Medea okay and what else are you what what's your latest I'm just curious what's your
latest project the etruscan's coming next it's ruskin's fantastic are you
gonna tell us this is gonna be a good one yeah are you going to tell us some crazy stuff because there's
in this she's part of the story of of ancient Italy yeah can you imagine he
was in Italy before any before any of these you know Roman Senators even thought about like medeas that's she's
there first yeah I I you know you wonder why Julius Caesar went to the Temple of
Venus genetrics Venus the mother the producer of our people and he hangs up a
portrait of Medea by some famous Greek god I don't remember who it was but yeah
famous portrait of Medea love it they've got her name is and people don't realize
Neil think about this um you and I have talked about this but
she is famous all the way from Babylon to Northern Italy how in the late Bronze
Age with their technology with their technology how is it that one person can
have such a broad power base and they end up in Athens and they end up in the
Kingdom of Corinth and oh my God the entire entire people's will give you an
example the Aryans they were called the Aryans they changed their name to the medes to be named after her so when I
think of this when you think of like worldly famous people you know Alexander
the Great Julius Caesar uh Genghis Khan you know who whatever there's a lot of
them she was the first she was the first world famous Queen before any before Caesar before
Alexander the Great it was Medea everyone knew and whether from coast to coast everyone knew who Medea was yeah
she's the exactly she is the inspiration for the earliest Greek literature we
know our sources tell us before the homeric epics there were epics about Medea it's an it's amazing but people
think the most powerful human ever is a man they're gonna pick some dictator from the 20th century or something no no
Medea created an Empire of the mind that guided all of history that's you realize
it's her mystery you Christians who were who are who are celebrating a mystery
it's hers originally yeah right oh God I love it and um last thing I was going to
say um just to highlight how how famous she was
in Athens in the 4th Century 5th Century BCE there's people writing plays about her
still 600 years later and this is geographic
wise this is a whole this is a three C's away the Mediterranean the Black Sea
this is two three C's away so why are people all the way on this side of the of the in this in this area
writing plays about a queen who lived all the way over here 600 years ago that
tells you something that's never been done anywhere else you can't you can't you can't like match that up with another example of someone else you
can't I love it I love it Neil I love it this is so uh um for those of you who want to
buy this you can't but this is in the sources and as you can see what we have
just done is just straight from the sources we got no arguments we got no Scholars here going oh I'm going to keep
my reputation right those people can as my good friend Cyrus said you can sit
and spin you know what I mean Neil thanks for coming tonight I'll give you the last comment
the sources like you said you can this we live in a time right now where you
don't have to get on a voyage and do a boat that you might sink in and just try
to travel to Alexandria and and then maybe if you can read that you'll be able to like try to read some different
language no we live in a time now where almost everything's translated and it's all on the internet and you can go you
can look it up get get the knowledge there's no like you don't you don't there's no you don't have to go to
college I mean you could great I'm not saying nothing wrong with that but like you can look this stuff is like right at
your fingertips and it's beautiful it's a beautiful ancient world I love it beautifully stated and with that we'll
end we'll see you guys on Friday hail Satan hail Satan
[Applause] [Music] [Applause] my whole mother
nowhere [Applause] [Music]
to be on Sundays [Music]